[Music]
[Applause]
that day on the beach it changed you
make revenge which I think you're going
to jump from cell-to-cell taking out
terrorists for starters yeah are people
here like your agenda Mitch I know
exactly what to do with you it's wrong
you know my disguise is a warrior one of
the best I've ever known
that you have you now you want to go
kill terrorists am i right out there
it's about the mission not about you
it's nice a man's throat right here like
this testing to the roof
focus is off the chart I see not to
charge me for not like this you think
you're special
never ever let's get personal what is it
you think we do here Joe people need to
be killed we got a problem six days ago
15 kilos of lutonium went missing
they look at this can't be him it's him
I mean it's ghost I just I have to you
some personal some everything he didn't
matter little milk in place
forty-eight to stop
I trusted you I wish you'd come for me
[Music]
eliminate target yes sir risky
this whole thing is just a means to an
infinite now this is just the beginning